matchme
=======
MatchMe is a flashcard iOS application geared toward users with a language delay. MatchMe is a useful tool for Speech Language Pathologists as well as parents who are trying to facilitate language growth. MatchMe focuses on developing the user’s labeling skills in order to increase their vocabulary. 
	After opening MatchMe, the user has the option to login using their existing credentials, register as a new user, or play as a guest in “Quick Play” mode with an option to sign up later. 
	Upon logging in in, a list of categories is displayed. The user then selects a category from the list. After selecting a category, a list of the flash card titles in that category is displayed. After a flash card title is selected from the list, the corresponding flash card is displayed. When the selected flashcard is displayed, the flash card title is displayed at top of the screen and below it are 3 images. 
	If the user matches the word with the correct picture, a celebration animation appears and the user will be awarded 10 points. If the user’s selection is incorrect, the incorrect image will disappear and the user will not be awarded any points. If the user makes an incorrect attempt but makes the correct match on the second attempt, the user is awarded 7 points. If the user makes two incorrect attempts, an alert will pop-up encouraging the user to navigate back to the category of flashcards and try again. A running total of the number of correct answers will be kept and displayed at the bottom of the screen during each question. After the user attempts each card in the specific category, a leaderboard of the highest scores will be displayed. 
	MatchMe was programmed using Xcode 5.1.1 and uses Parse.com for data storage. 
	
	
Future matchme features:

Report Generation: The Report Generation feature will allow the Speech Language Pathologist, parent or caregiver to run a report for their child. The report will have statistics from the first flashcard they had ever attempted to the most recent attempt. MatchMe will have tracked their progress on each individual flashcard and category
Sound: The Sound feature will play music when the user is at the category selection screen. This feature will play a celebration soundbite when a user makes a correct selection. This feature will also play a buzzer sounds bite with the user makes an incorrect selection
Create Custom Flashcard: The Custom Flashcard feature will allow the Speech Language Pathologist, parents or caregiver to create their own custom flashcards with images that are either retrieved locally from the device’s camera roll or images that are taken with the device’s camera while the application is running
Levels of Difficulty: The Levels of Difficulty feature will allow the user to choose a level of difficulty: Beginner, Novice, or Advanced. If the user selects “Beginner”, only one image will be displayed on the flashcard. If the user selects “Novice”, two different images will be displayed on the flashcard. If the user selects “Advanced”, 3 different images will be displayed on the flashcard 
